README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# bookclubcron

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/bookclubcron)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookclubcron)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/r4ds/bookclubcron/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/r4ds/bookclubcron?branch=main)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/r4ds/bookclubcron/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r4ds/bookclubcron/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

Several tasks need to run multiple times per day to keep book clubs
running.

## Installation

You can install the development version of bookclubcron from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("r4ds/bookclubcron")
```

## Usage

Add usage information and examples here.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the bookclubcron project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://r4ds.github.io/bookclubcron/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Get it working. (#3)
* Copy things over from zoomer.

* Fully implement.

* Test the time logger.

Both this function and this test are a hack but at least now it'll pass things, at least mostly.

* Make R CMD Check pass.

* I don't need the .onLoad caching anymore.

* GHA has more digits in seconds by default. Ick.

* Manually remove trailing 0's from time.

GHA was getting the decimal 0's in seconds (even with an explicit option telling it not to), local isn't. Force the silly test to pass!

* Oops NOW the stupid check should pass.

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# bookclubcron

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/bookclubcron)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=bookclubcron)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/r4ds/bookclubcron/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/r4ds/bookclubcron?branch=main)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/r4ds/bookclubcron/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r4ds/bookclubcron/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

Several tasks need to run multiple times per day to keep book clubs
running. This packages allows me to automate (most of) those tasks.

## Installation

You can install the development version of bookclubcron (but you
probably shouldn’t) from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("r4ds/bookclubcron")
```

## Usage

Add usage information and examples here.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the bookclubcron project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://r4ds.github.io/bookclubcron/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
